# WealthPixels-Labs-Sandbox
Onchain Investing

Software repository for supporting a blockchain-powered platform enabling fractional ownership of tokenized real-world assets as well as Blockchain-native assets. In the past, the TradFi industry's best efforts at creating affordable, well-diversified portfolios for small investors resulted in the creation of pooled investments in the form of Mutual Funds in the early days followed by Exchange Traded Funds that proved to be much cheaper and more effective as an investment product. Mutual Funds and Exchange Traded Funds do not provide investors with a full drill-down view into the underlying assets that these pooled investments hold. In addition, there's a long history of value capture by the financial institutions providing these pooled investment vehicles, which is not passed down to the end investors. High net worth individuals have always had solutions and services that were a lot less costly, on a relative basis, than the services available to smaller investors.

Attempts to provide small investors with solutions, similar to high net worth investors, involving well-diversified portfolios made up of individual assets have only had limited success on account of the higher relative trading and administration costs of those solutions when servicing clients with smaller asset sizes. There is a relatively high floor, from a cost perspective, of running the traditional Investment Management, Trading, Settlement and Custody systems required to service retail investors. The high cost of the traditional Investment Management systems and related IT Infrastructures have resulted in a Value Curve that has prevented the smallest investors from accessing the type of investment services that have been available to higher net worth individuals.

By using Blockchain technology, we are aiming to reduce trading costs and investment management administration costs to near-zero in order to enable anyone to invest in the same type of well-diversified portfolios as high net worth clients, regardless of how much they have to start investing with. We believe that with Blockchain and DeFi technologies we can radically shift the Value Curve, eliminating the remaining cost barriers for small investors so they can also start investing towards financial freedom.

Our goal is to provide everyone with the opportunity to invest in highly diversified portfolios, starting with even the smallest investors. We're targeting a vastly underserved market, comprising millions of people who've been excluded from investing due to various barriers to entry. These are individuals who are ready to invest monthly modest recurring amounts, such as $100 or even $10, amounts that may be small by developed-country standards but represent significant sums to them. They have often been overlooked by financial service providers that are forced to target larger investors, driven by the high costs of legacy IT infrastructures.

Our mission is to democratize investing, starting with small investors who've been excluded due to barriers related to the high operating costs of traditional investment management systems and services. We're initially focusing on tokenized traditional stocks and bonds, while our infrastructure is designed to support both tokenized real-world assets and Blockchain-native assets.

With years of experience in the Traditional Finance industry, we recognize that the type of Investment Management platform we are envisioning will require regulatory approvals to legally operate in the capital market jurisdictions we aim to serve. We put a lot of thought into the type of approach that will provide the smoothest path to regulatory approval, and we believe we found the right approach.

This Github repository is to gather software components that help achieve this mission.
